{{short description|Former and current professional wrestling programs produced by WWE/WWF}}
{{Use mdy dates|date=March 2025}}
The following is a list of all [[WWE]] television programs. It also includes programming produced under the [[Capitol Wrestling Corporation]] (CWC), World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF), World Wrestling Federation (WWF), and World Wrestling Entertainment banners. WWE airs multiple [[Television show|television]] and [[web television]] programs all over the world in a wide range of mediums, including on [[pay-per-view]], on [[video on demand]] services, and on [[streaming service]]s. WWE's three flagship programs are ''[[WWE Raw|Raw]]'', ''[[WWE SmackDown|SmackDown]]'', and ''[[WWE NXT (TV series)|NXT]]''.

== Current television programming ==
=== In-ring shows ===
==== Premium live events ====
{{main|List of WWE pay-per-view and livestreaming supercards}}
From 2022, the WWE began using the term "premium live event" for its pay-per-views airing on traditional PPV and its [[WWE Network]] over-the-top streaming service. The Premium Live Events WWE hold currently are:
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center;"
!rowspan="2"|Month
!colspan="2"|Main roster
!colspan="2"|NXT
|-
!PLE
!First held
!PLE
!First held
|-
|Twice a year
|[[WWE in Saudi Arabia]]
|2018
| colspan="2" rowspan="2" {{n/a}}
|-
|-
|January
|[[Royal Rumble]]
|1988
|-
|February
|[[WWE Elimination Chamber|Elimination Chamber]]
|2010
|[[WWE Vengeance|Vengeance Day]]
|2001
|-
|March/April
|[[WrestleMania]]
|1985
|[[NXT Stand & Deliver|Stand & Deliver]]
|2021
|-
|May/June
|[[WWE Backlash|Backlash]]
|1999
|[[WWE Battleground|Battleground]]
|2013
|-
|July
|[[WWE Money in the Bank|Money in the Bank]]
|2010
| colspan="2" rowspan="2" {{n/a}}
|-
|August
|[[SummerSlam]]
|1988
|-
|September
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|[[WWE No Mercy|No Mercy]]
|1999
|-
|October
|[[WWE Bad Blood|Bad Blood]]
|1997
|[[Halloween Havoc]]
|1989
|-
|November
|[[Survivor Series]]
|1987
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|-
|December
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|[[NXT Deadline|Deadline]]
|2022
|}

==== Weekly television shows ====
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center;"
!Show
!First held
!Notes
!Brands
|-
|''[[WWE Raw|Raw]]''
|1993
|WWE's main weekly wrestling program. It currently streams Mondays on [[Netflix]]. Also referred to as ''Monday Night Raw''.
|[[Raw (WWE brand)|Raw]]
|-
|''[[WWE SmackDown|SmackDown]]''
|1999
|Weekly program that airs Fridays on the [[USA Network]]. Also referred to as ''Friday Night SmackDown''.
|[[SmackDown (WWE brand)|SmackDown]]
|-
|''[[WWE NXT|NXT]]''
|2010
|Weekly program that airs Tuesdays on [[The CW]] network.
|[[NXT (WWE brand)|NXT]]
|-
|''[[WWE Main Event|Main Event]]''
|2012
|Weekly program that streams Thursdays on [[YouTube]].
|[[Raw (WWE brand)|Raw]], [[SmackDown (WWE brand)|SmackDown]] and [[NXT (WWE brand)|NXT]]
|-
|''[[WWE Evolve|Evolve]]''
|2025
|Weekly program that streams Wednesdays on [[Tubi]].
|[[Evolve (WWE brand)|Evolve]]
|-
|''[[Lucha Libre AAA]]''
|2026
|Weekly program that streams Saturdays on [[YouTube]].
|[[Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide|AAA]]
|}

==== Television specials ====
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center;"
!rowspan="2"|Month
!colspan="2"|Main roster
!colspan="2"|NXT
|-
!Special
!First held
!Special
!First held
|-
|Quarterly
|[[Saturday Night's Main Event]]
|1985
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|-
|January
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|[[NXT: New Year's Evil|New Year's Evil]]
|2021
|-
|February
|colspan="4" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|-
|March
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|[[WWE Roadblock|Roadblock]]
|2016
|-
|April
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|[[Spring Breakin']]
|2022
|-
|May/June
|colspan="4" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|-
|July/August
|colspan="2" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|[[The Great American Bash]]
|1985
|-
|September/October
|colspan="4" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|-
|November/December
|colspan="4" rowspan="1" {{n/a}}
|}

=== Other shows ===
====''Biography: WWE Legends'' (2021–present)====
{{main|Biography: WWE Legends}}
''Biography: WWE Legends'' is a television series produced by WWE and [[A&E (TV network)|A&E]].

====''WWE's Most Wanted Treasures'' (2021–present)====
{{main|WWE's Most Wanted Treasures}}
''WWE's Most Wanted Treasures'' is a television series produced by WWE and A&E.

====''Rivals'' (2022–present)====
{{main|WWE Rivals}}
Hosted by [[Freddie Prinze Jr.]] for the first three seasons and by [[Gabriel Iglesias]] from season four onwards, ''WWE Rivals'' is a round table discussion featuring WWE Legends and Superstars examining the most iconic rivalries in WWE.<ref name="auto">{{cite web|url= https://www.aetv.com/news/ae-wwe-announce-the-return-of-biography-wwe-legends-series-premiere-of-wwe-rivals-wwe-smack-talk-starting-7-10|title= A&E & WWE® Announce The Return Of "Biography: WWE Legends" & Series Premiere Of "WWE Rivals" & "WWE Smack Talk" Starting 7/10|publisher= [[A&E (TV network)|A&E]]|accessdate= July 3, 2022|archive-date= July 3, 2022|archive-url= https://web.archive.org/web/20220703021201/https://www.aetv.com/news/ae-wwe-announce-the-return-of-biography-wwe-legends-series-premiere-of-wwe-rivals-wwe-smack-talk-starting-7-10|url-status= live}}</ref>

====''WWE LFG'' (2025–present)====
{{main|WWE LFG}}
''WWE LFG'' involves "rising talent" competing for a [[WWE NXT|NXT]] contract.<ref>{{Cite web |last=Porter |first=Rick |date=December 6, 2024 |title=A&E, WWE Expand Partnership With Competition Series |url=https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/tv/tv-news/wwe-competition-series-lfg-ae-1236079518/ |access-date=2024-12-06 |website=[[The Hollywood Reporter]] |language=en-US}}</ref> The competitors are mentored by [[WWE Hall of Fame]]rs and veterans, including [[Bubba Ray Dudley]], [[The Undertaker]], [[Shawn Michaels]], [[Mickie James]], and [[Booker T (wrestler)|Booker T]].<ref>{{Cite web |last=Knapp |first=J. D. |date=December 6, 2024 |title=Triple H, Undertaker Seek the Next Generation of Wrestling Superstars in 'WWE LFG' Competition Series |url=https://www.thewrap.com/triple-h-undertaker-wwe-lfg-wrestling-superstars-ae-series/ |access-date=December 6, 2024 |website=[[TheWrap]] |language=en-US}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |date=December 6, 2024 |title=WWE 'LFG' Competition Series Coming to A&E in 2025 |url=https://www.sescoops.com/news/wwe/wwe-ae-new-competition-series-lfg/ |work=SE Scoops |access-date=December 6, 2024 |language=en-US}}</ref>

====''WWE Unreal'' (2025–present)====
{{main|WWE Unreal}}
''WWE Unreal'' is a behind-the-scenes documentary series broadcast on [[Netflix]].<ref>{{Cite web |last=Prashad |first=Raj |date=2025-07-28 |title='WWE: Unreal' cracks open a door the wrestling world has kept closed — until now |url=https://sports.yahoo.com/wrestling/article/wwe-unreal-cracks-open-a-door-the-wrestling-world-has-kept-closed-until-now-john-cena-cody-rhodes-210049860.html |access-date=2025-07-30 |website=Yahoo Sports |language=en-US}}</ref>

==Former television programming==
===In-ring shows===
====''Heavyweight Wrestling'' (1956–1971)====
{{main|Heavyweight Wrestling}}
The very first programming produced by the [[Capitol Wrestling Corporation]], the WWWF's immediate predecessor, was ''Heavyweight Wrestling''. The show involved wrestlers of low card to main event status. Following an episode's final match, the ring announcers informed viewers about next week's matches. Most of the events were held in [[Washington D.C.]]'s National Arena. [[Ray Morgan (announcer)|Ray Morgan]] did the commentary for the show and "Friendly" Bob Freed and "Smiling" Sam Mason served as ring announcers. Usually the main events involved WWWF Champion [[Bruno Sammartino]] retaining his title. The show ended in September 1971 and was replaced by ''All-Star Wrestling''.

====''All-Star Wrestling'' (1971–1986)====
{{for|all other uses of "All Star Wrestling"|All Star Wrestling (disambiguation)}}
''All-Star Wrestling'' was a WWF promotional show that featured enhancement matches and interviews that were designed to further featured talent. The show was taped at the Hamburg Fieldhouse in [[Hamburg, Pennsylvania]]. The show replaced ''Heavyweight Wrestling'' from Washington DC. ''All-Star Wrestling'' ran from October 2, 1971, through August 30, 1986, when it was replaced by the new program ''[[WWF Wrestling Challenge|Wrestling Challenge]]''. ''All-Star Wrestling'' served as the "B" show of the WWF's [[Broadcast syndication|syndicated]] programming in the early 80s, behind ''[[WWF Championship Wrestling]]''. Typically, the show comprised matches with play-by-play from [[Vince McMahon]], with occasional assistance from [[Alfred Hayes (wrestler)|Lord Alfred Hayes]] and [[Pat Patterson (wrestler)|Pat Patterson]]; it was later hosted by [[Gorilla Monsoon]] and [[Jesse Ventura]]. From 1982 until 1984, the theme of ''All-Star Wrestling'' was "[[Gemini Dream]]" by [[The Moody Blues]]. From 1984 to 1986, the theme was [[David Bowie]]'s "[[Modern Love (David Bowie song)|Modern Love]]".

====''Championship Wrestling'' (1971–1986)====
{{main|WWF Championship Wrestling}}
''Championship Wrestling'' is one of the original TV shows of the World Wrestling Federation. It included all the stars of the WWF, interviews and championship matches. The show lasted from 1971 until August 1986 and was the flagship of the WWF's programming until it was replaced by ''[[WWF Superstars of Wrestling|Superstars of Wrestling]]''. In 1984, the show used "[[Thriller (song)|Thriller]]" by [[Michael Jackson]] as its opening theme. The host and announcer was [[Vince McMahon]], often joined by a co-host.

====''WWF on MSG Network'' (1976–1997)====
{{main|WWF on MSG Network}}
''WWF on MSG Network'' is a monthly television special that aired live from [[Madison Square Garden]] on the [[MSG Network]] from August 7, 1976, to March 16, 1997.

====''All American Wrestling'' (1983–1994)====
{{main|WWF All American Wrestling}}
''WWF All American Wrestling'' is a cable television program that was a predecessor to ''[[Tuesday Night Titans]]'' and ''[[Saturday Night's Main Event]]'', originally filling the 11:00&nbsp;a.m. [[Eastern Time Zone|Eastern Time]] slot on Sundays vacated by the cancellation of ''[[Southwest Championship Wrestling]]''. The show ran from September 4, 1983, to October 16, 1994, on the [[USA Network]]. After it was canceled in 1994, it was replaced by ''[[#Action Zone (1994–1996)|Action Zone]]''.

====''Wrestling at the Chase'' (1983–1985)====
{{main|Wrestling at the Chase}}
''Wrestling at the Chase'' is a television program produced by WWF at the [[Chase Park Plaza Hotel]] that aired on [[KPLR-TV|KPLR-TV, Channel 11]] in [[St. Louis, Missouri]]. An early strike in the WWF's [[1980s wrestling boom|national expansion]], WWF had usurped the [[St. Louis Wrestling Club]]'s traditional TV timeslot; the St. Louis Wrestling Club had produced ''Wrestling at the Chase'' since 1959. The program was replaced by ''[[WWF Championship Wrestling]]'' in 1985.

====''World Championship Wrestling'' (1984–1985)====
{{main|WCW Saturday Night}}
{{see also|Black Saturday (professional wrestling)}}
''World Championship Wrestling'' is a television program that was produced by WWF that aired on [[TBS (TV network)|Superstation WTBS]] from 1984 to 1985. The show took over the time slot of Georgia Championship Wrestling's ''World Championship Wrestling'' program that had been broadcasting on WTBS for 12 years; the WWF had purchased a majority interest in GCW. Poor fan response to the use of match footage already broadcast elsewhere instead of new matches and the style of WWF programming led Turner to give other time slots to competing promotions, leading to strained relations between TBS and the WWF. The time slot and program name was eventually sold to [[Jim Crockett Promotions]], who continued to use the ''World Championship Wrestling'' for the show name until 1988, when TBS itself bought the assets of JCP and used the name for the promotion [[World Championship Wrestling]].

====''Maple Leaf Wrestling'' (1984–1986)====
{{main|Maple Leaf Wrestling}}
''Maple Leaf Wrestling'' is a television program that was produced by WWF that aired exclusively in Canada. The show came into creation after the WWF's takeover of the then-NWA-affiliated Maple Leaf Wrestling promotion. The show was discontinued in 1986 and the ''Maple Leaf Wrestling'' name was used by the WWF for Canadian airings of ''[[WWF Superstars of Wrestling]]'', with modifications made to conform with Canadian content requirements.

====''Prime Time Wrestling'' (1985–1993) ====
{{main|WWF Prime Time Wrestling}}
''WWF Prime Time Wrestling'' aired on the [[USA Network]] from 1985 to 1993. A precursor to ''[[WWE Raw|Monday Night Raw]]'', ''Prime Time Wrestling'' was a two-hour-long, weekly program that included stars of the World Wrestling Federation. The program comprised wrestling matches (most of which were compiled from the WWF's syndicated programs of the era, combined with "house show" matches from venues such as [[Madison Square Garden]]), interviews, [[Glossary of professional wrestling terms#Promo|promos]] by wrestlers, updates of current [[Feud (professional wrestling)|feuds]] and announcements of upcoming local and [[pay-per-view]] events.

====''Wrestling Challenge'' (1986–1995)====
{{main|WWF Wrestling Challenge}}
''WWF Wrestling Challenge'' aired from 1986 to August 1995 and was [[broadcast syndication|syndicated]] weekly.<ref name="Encyclopedia96">{{cite book|last1=Shields|first1=Brian|url=https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/96|title=WWE Encyclopedia|last2=Sullivan|first2=Kevin|publisher=[[Dorling Kindersley|DK]]|year=2009|isbn=978-0-7566-4190-0|page=[https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/96 96]}}</ref> The show premiered as ''WWF Wrestling Challenge'' and became simply known as ''WWF Challenge'' in 1995. The show comprised matches, pre-match interviews, enhancement talent matches, and occasionally, summarized weekly events in WWF programming. As with other syndicated WWF programming, the show promoted WWF event dates and [[house show]]s in local [[media market]]s.

====''Superstars of Wrestling'' (1986–2001)====
{{main|WWF Superstars of Wrestling}}
''WWF Superstars of Wrestling'' is a professional wrestling program that debuted on September 6, 1986, in [[broadcast syndication|syndication]] aired until 2001, by that time having moved to cable. ''Superstars'', as it would later be known, was the flagship of the WWF's programming from its inception until being eclipsed by ''[[WWE Raw|Monday Night Raw]]'' in 1993.

====''The Main Event'' (1988–1991)====
{{main|WWF The Main Event}}
''WWF The Main Event'' is a spin-off of the show ''[[Saturday Night's Main Event|WWF Saturday Night's Main Event]]'' and occasionally aired on [[NBC]] on Friday nights. Only the first three ''The Main Event'' episodes were shown live on NBC. The final two were taped and then shown on NBC at a later date.

====''Survivor Series Showdown'' (1989–1993) ====
{{main|Survivor Series Showdown}}
''Survivor Series Showdown'' is a WWF series of special television programs that aired on the USA Network between 1989 and 1993. The show aired one week prior to the year's respective [[Survivor Series]].

====''SummerSlam Spectacular'' (1991–1993) ====
{{main|SummerSlam Spectacular}}
''SummerSlam Spectacular'' is a WWF series of special television programs that aired on the USA Network between 1991 and 1993. The show aired one week prior to the year's respective [[SummerSlam]].

====''March to WrestleMania'' (1992–1994)====
{{main|March to WrestleMania}}
''March to WrestleMania'' is a WWF series of special television programs that aired on the USA Network between 1992 and 1994. The show aired one week prior to the year's respective [[WrestleMania]].

====''Action Zone'' (1994–1996) ====
''WWF Action Zone'' is a program that aired on the USA Network from October 23, 1994, to September 15, 1996, and was hosted by Todd Pettengill and [[Michael Hayes (wrestler)|Dok Hendrix]]. Originally the show comprised matches with top WWF talent but by the end of 1995, ''Action Zone'' became a Sunday morning highlights show highlighting both ''[[WWE Raw|Monday Night Raw]]'' and ''[[WWF Superstars of Wrestling|Superstars of Wrestling]]''. In 1996, ''Action Zone'' was canceled and replaced by ''Superstars,'' which had moved to USA Network from syndication.

====''Sunday Night Slam'' (1994–1995)====
''WWF Sunday Night Slam'' is a program by the WWF that aired Sunday nights on the USA Network.

==== ''Free for All'' (1996–2009) ====
''Free For All'' is a monthly studio television show produced by WWE. It served as a thirty-minute preview show to the promotion's monthly events on [[pay-per-view]] and as such aired freely on PPV channels a half-hour before the actual pay-per-view event starts. The original format of ''Free For All'' also featured exclusive matches <ref name="auto1">{{cite book|title=WWE Encyclopedia|last1=Shields|first1=Brian|last2=Sullivan|first2=Kevin|page=[https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/96 96]|publisher=[[Dorling Kindersley|DK]]|year=2009|isbn=978-0-7566-4190-0|url=https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/96}}</ref> 
Following [[No Way Out (2009)|No Way Out 2009]], the ''Free For All'' name was discontinued in the [[United States]].{{citation needed|date=January 2024}}

====''Friday Night's Main Event'' (1997)====
''WWF Friday Night's Main Event'' aired on the USA Network when ''Raw'' was preempted on the weeks of August 29 and September 5, 1997, due to USA's coverage of the [[US Open (tennis)|US Open]]. This program averaged a low 1.5 rating.

====''Shotgun Saturday Night'' (1997–1999)====
{{main|WWF Shotgun Saturday Night}}
''WWF Shotgun Saturday Night'' aired between 1997 and 1999 and was a [[Broadcast syndication|syndicated]] show that comprised matches with lower card wrestlers. ''Shotgun Saturday Night'' was replaced by ''WWF Jakked'' in 1999. As a notation, there were various versions of this show that floated around in different markets such as ''WWF Shotgun'' and ''WWF Shotgun Challenge'', which were basically the same content just rearranged with different commentary (''Shotgun Challenge'' being specific to the New York market). There were also three other shows with basically the same content, although camera angles, commentary, and local promos were different. Those being ''Canadian Superstars'' (hosted By Tom Prichard, Ray Rougeau and - briefly - Gorilla Monsoon), ''WWF New York'' (hosted by Vince Russo among others), and ''WWF 11:Alive''.

====''Super Astros'' (1998–1999)====
''WWF Super Astros'' (English: ''WWF Superstars'') is a [[Spanish language|Spanish-language]] television program produced by the WWF that aired on [[Univision]] from November 22, 1998 to September 5, 1999. The show featured lower-card WWF superstars as well as competitors from the [[Mexico]]-based [[Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide|AAA]] and [[Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre]] promotions and [[Japan]]. The show was hosted by [[Marcelo Rodriguez]] with [[Carlos Cabrera]] and [[Hugo Savinovich]] providing commentary who have provided [[Spanish language|Spanish-language]] commentary for the WWF's [[pay-per-view]] events and ''[[Monday Night Raw]]'' prior to the show's premiere. The show also featured highlights of ''[[Monday Night Raw|Raw]]'' with brief recaps or full matches dubbed over by the Spanish commentary team.

====''Heat'' (1998–2008)====
{{main|WWE Heat}}
''Heat'' (formerly known as ''Sunday Night Heat'') aired on [[USA Network]], [[MTV]] and [[Spike (TV channel)|Spike TV]] in the United States, [[Channel 4]] and [[Sky1]] in the United Kingdom and [[Sportsnet|CTV Sportsnet]] in Canada. It was most recently streamed on WWE.com on Friday afternoons for North American viewers. However, the show was still televised internationally and showed in the United Kingdom on [[Sky Sports]] 3, Australia on [[Fox8]], India on [[TEN Sports]], Germany on Premiere Sport Portal, France on Action, Spain on Sportmania and C+ Deportes -both channels from [[Canal+ (Spanish satellite broadcasting company)|Digital +]], the Middle East on ShowSports4, the [[Philippines]] on [[Jack TV]], and Japan on J SPORTS. The final episode was uploaded to WWE.com on May 30, 2008.<ref>[http://fans.wwe.com/joshmathews/blog/2008/05/28/hey_everyone Josh Mathews blog confirming final episode of Heat] {{webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20080602004701/http://fans.wwe.com/joshmathews/blog/2008/05/28/hey_everyone |date=2008-06-02}}</ref> The show was replaced internationally with ''[[WWE Vintage Collection]]'', a program showing classic WWE matches.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.wwe.com/schedules/television/?country=United%20Kingdom|title=WWE.com UK television schedule|access-date=31 May 2019|archive-date=30 May 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140530081407/http://www.wwe.com/schedules/television/?country=United%20Kingdom|url-status=live}}</ref>

====''Jakked'' and ''Metal'' (1999–2002)====
{{main|WWF Jakked/Metal}}
''WWF Jakked'' and ''WWF Metal'' are television programs that were produced by the WWF. Both shows aired syndicated weekly from 1999 until 2002 and replaced ''Shotgun Saturday Night''.

====''Velocity'' (2002–2006)====
{{main|WWE Velocity}}
Premiering in 2002, ''Velocity'' became to the [[SmackDown (WWE brand)|SmackDown]] [[WWE Brand Extension|brand]] what ''Heat'' was to the [[Raw (WWE brand)|Raw]] brand. ''Velocity'' aired Saturday nights on [[Spike (TV channel)|Spike TV]] until 2005 and continued (like ''[[WWE Heat|Heat]]'') as a [[webcast]] on WWE.com and continued airing on international broadcasters. ''Velocity'' ended its run in 2006.<ref>{{cite book|title=WWE Encyclopedia|last1=Shields|first1=Brian|last2=Sullivan|first2=Kevin|page=[https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/97 97]|publisher=[[Dorling Kindersley|DK]]|year=2009|isbn=978-0-7566-4190-0|url=https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/97}}</ref>

====''Tribute to the Troops''  (2003–2023)====
{{main|WWE Tribute to the Troops}}
{{see also|WWE Tribute to the Troops results}}
''WWE Tribute to the Troops'' was an annual American [[professional wrestling]] event held by [[WWE]] and [[Armed Forces Entertainment]]. The show aired as a [[television special]] during the month of December.

====''A.M. Raw'' (2005–2014) ====
''A.M. Raw'' was a one-hour, condensed version of WWE's flagship ''[[WWE Raw|Monday Night Raw]]'' program that aired on Saturdays at 9:00am on the [[USA Network]].<ref>{{cite web|url=https://corporate.wwe.com/news/company-news/2005/09-29-2005|title=Monday Night Raw Move to USA Network Prompts Changes to WWE Programming|date=2005|work=WWE Corporate|access-date=November 6, 2019|archive-date=April 17, 2020|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20200417013027/https://corporate.wwe.com/news/company-news/2005/09-29-2005|url-status=live}}</ref> The show was cancelled in October 2014.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.ewrestlingnews.com/news/wwe-a-m-raw-cancelled|title=WWE A.M. RAW Cancelled|date=October 3, 2014|access-date=November 6, 2019|archive-date=November 6, 2019|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20191106204951/https://www.ewrestlingnews.com/news/wwe-a-m-raw-cancelled|url-status=live}}</ref>

====''ECW'' (2006–2010)====
{{Main|WWE ECW}}
{{see also|ECW (WWE brand)}}
''ECW'' is a professional wrestling television program for WWE, based on the [[Extreme Championship Wrestling]] (ECW) promotion that lasted from 1992 to 2001. The show's name also referred to the [[ECW (WWE brand)|ECW]] [[WWE Brand Extension|brand]], in which WWE employees were assigned to work and perform, complementary to WWE's other brands, [[Raw (WWE brand)|Raw]] and [[SmackDown (WWE brand)|SmackDown]]. It debuted on June 13, 2006, on [[Syfy|Sci Fi Channel]] in the United States and ran for close to four years until it aired its final episode on February 16, 2010, on the rebranded [[Syfy]].

====''FCW'' (2008–2012)====
{{Main|FCW (TV series)}}
''FCW'' is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment and the flagship show of WWE's [[farm team|developmental territory]] [[Florida Championship Wrestling]]. The program debuted on October 5, 2008<ref>{{cite web|url=http://cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=23781|title=FCW TV #1|publisher=Cagematch.net|access-date=2012-11-14|archive-date=2014-05-12|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140512221611/http://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=23781|url-status=live}}</ref> on the [[Bright House Sports Network]] and ran for nearly four years before airing its final episode on July 15, 2012.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=80905|title=FCW TV #197|publisher=Cagematch.net|access-date=2012-11-14|archive-date=2014-05-12|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140512225308/http://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=80905|url-status=live}}</ref>

====''Superstars'' (2009–2016)====
{{Main|WWE Superstars}}
''WWE Superstars'' is a professional wrestling television program that was produced by WWE, that originally aired on WGN America in the United States and later broadcast on the WWE Network. It debuted on April 16, 2009, and ended its domestic broadcasting after 398 episodes on November 25, 2016.

====''Saturday Morning Slam'' (2012–2013)====
{{Main|WWE Saturday Morning Slam}}
''WWE Saturday Morning Slam'' is a professional wrestling television program by WWE that was catered to the children's demographic. ''Saturday Morning Slam'' aired on [[The CW]] [[Vortexx]] programming block on Saturday mornings, and was rated [[TV-G]]. As a result, moves that targeted the head or neck were banned. It was cancelled in 2013, airing its final episode on May 11, 2013.

====''205 Live'' (2016–2022) ====
{{main|WWE 205 Live}}
{{see also|205 Live (WWE brand)}}
''205 Live'' is a weekly show that aired on the WWE Network in the U.S. and on television internationally featuring WWE's [[Cruiserweight (professional wrestling)|cruiserweight division]].

====''Mixed Match Challenge'' (2018) ====
{{main|WWE Mixed Match Challenge}}
''Mixed Match Challenge'' is a seasonal show that features [[mixed tag team match]]es.

====''NXT UK'' (2018–2022) ====
{{main|NXT UK}}
{{see also|NXT UK (WWE brand)}}
''NXT UK'' is a weekly show that aired on the WWE Network in the U.S. and on television internationally featuring [[NXT UK (WWE brand)|WWE's United Kingdom-based brand]].

====''NXT Level Up'' (2022–2024) ====
{{main|NXT Level Up}}
''NXT Level Up''  is a weekly show that aired on the WWE Network in the U.S. and on television internationally.

====''Speed'' (2024–2025) ====
{{main|WWE Speed}}
''WWE Speed'' is a weekly WWE video series that aired exclusively on [[X (social network)|X]] (formerly Twitter) with new episodes posting on Wednesdays, featuring time limited matches.

=== Other shows ===
====''Tuesday Night Titans'' (1984–1986)====
''Tuesday Night Titans'' (abbreviated ''TNT''<ref>[https://archive.today/20120630045644/http://www.wrestlecrap.com/oldinductions.html TNT Show: Tuesday Night Titans (TNT) was the WWF's answer to the Sonny & Cher variety hour, as superstars danced, told jokes, and basically made asses of themselves.]</ref>) aired on the [[USA Network]] from 1984 to 1986 and was promoted as a [[variety show]].<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.wwenetworknews.com/2017/05/31/wwe-network-looks-to-finish-up-tuesday-night-titans/|title=WWE Network Looks To Finish Up Tuesday Night Titans {{!}} WWE Network News|website=www.wwenetworknews.com|date=31 May 2017 |access-date=2019-03-20|archive-date=2019-03-20|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20190320210139/https://www.wwenetworknews.com/2017/05/31/wwe-network-looks-to-finish-up-tuesday-night-titans/|url-status=live}}</ref>

====''Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling'' (1985–1987) ====
{{main|Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling}}
''Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling'' is an animated television series produced by the WWF and aired on [[CBS]] from September 14, 1985, to October 18, 1986, with reruns airing until June 27, 1987<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.bcdb.com/cartoons/Other_Studios/D/DiC_Entertainment/Hulk_Hogan_s_Rock_N__Wrestling/|archive-url=https://archive.today/20130117191828/http://www.bcdb.com/cartoons/Other_Studios/D/DiC_Entertainment/Hulk_Hogan_s_Rock_N__Wrestling/|url-status=dead|archive-date=January 17, 2013|title=Hulk Hogan's Rock N' Wrestling Episode Guide -DiC Ent &#124; Big Cartoon DataBase|website=Bcdb.com|access-date=September 17, 2016}}</ref> The series was based on [[Hulk Hogan]] and various other WWF wrestlers.

====''Wrestling Spotlight'' (1986–1995) ====
''WWF Wrestling Spotlight'' is syndicated from 1986 to 1995.<ref name="Encyclopedia96" /> The show was hosted by various personalities including Vince McMahon, Lord Alfred Hayes, Sean Mooney, Ian Mooney, [[Miss Elizabeth]], and Sensational Sherri generally from a studio or control room and consisted primarily of matches from other WWF programming.<ref name="Encyclopedia96" />

====''LiveWire'' (1996–2001)====
''WWF LiveWire'' is a WWF television program that aired Saturday mornings on the [[USA Network]] from September 21, 1996, to September 23, 2000, and on [[Spike (TV channel)|TNN]] from September 30, 2000, to August 18, 2001. The show was used to summarize the weekly events in WWF programming and featured interviews with WWF personalities and allowed the fans to phone-in and ask questions to in-studio guests.<ref name="auto1"/>

====''Excess'' (2001–2002) ====
''Excess'' is a wrestling talk (originally call-in) show that featured WWF guest superstars and [[Women in WWE|divas]].<ref name="Encyclopedia97">{{cite book|last1=Shields|first1=Brian|url=https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/97|title=WWE Encyclopedia|last2=Sullivan|first2=Kevin|publisher=[[Dorling Kindersley|DK]]|year=2009|isbn=978-0-7566-4190-0|page=[https://archive.org/details/wweencyclopediad0000shie/page/97 97]}}</ref> It ran from August 25, 2001, through May 18, 2002, although the show was originally proposed to become a [[WCW (WWE subsidiary)|WCW]] relaunch show.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.wrestling-online.com/timeline/the-sale-of-wcw-to-wwe/|title=The Sale Of WCW to WWE|date=7 September 2012|access-date=31 May 2019|archive-date=20 June 2019|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20190620031306/http://www.wrestling-online.com/timeline/the-sale-of-wcw-to-wwe/|url-status=live}}</ref>

It was originally hosted by [[Jonathan Coachman]] and [[Trish Stratus]]. Stratus, however, was replaced in late 2001 by [[Terri Runnels]].<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.charleston.net/news/2008/nov/30/wrestling_diva_woman_all_seasons/|title=Wrestling diva a woman for all seasons|last=Mooneyham|first=Mike|date=2008-11-30|publisher=The Post and Courier|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20081204105815/http://www.charleston.net/news/2008/nov/30/wrestling_diva_woman_all_seasons/|archive-date=2008-12-04|access-date=2008-12-25}}</ref> The program showed classic matches from the WWF's archives, many of which were often taken from viewer suggestions. Starting on the April 6, 2002 episode, the first hour of the show stayed under the Excess name, and was hosted by Michael Cole and Marc Lloyd, who presented an hour of ''SmackDown'' highlights and news. The second hour was renamed Late Night Excess and was presented by Coachman and [[Raven (wrestler)|Raven]]. That show featured ''Raw'' highlights, though it lasted only over a month as it was replaced by ''[[WWE Velocity]]'' and ''[[WWE Confidential]]'' later in 2002.

The show was named "Worst Television Show" at the 2001 [[List of Wrestling Observer Newsletter awards|Wrestling Observer Newsletter awards]].

====''Attitude'' (2001–2002)====
''Attitude'' is a magazine/highlight show that aired in Saturday prime time on [[The WB 100+ Station Group]], designed to appeal to smaller towns ranked below the top 100 television markets in the United States.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.tvweek.com/in-depth/2001/08/wwf-spreads-its-attitude/|title=WWF spreads its 'Attitude' {{!}} TVWeek|website=www.tvweek.com|language=en-US|access-date=2017-11-28|archive-date=2017-12-01|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20171201041026/http://www.tvweek.com/in-depth/2001/08/wwf-spreads-its-attitude/|url-status=live}}</ref> The series debuted September 8, 2001 and ran through May 2002.

====''Confidential'' (2002–2004)====
{{main|WWE Confidential}}
''WWE Confidential'' is a program that focused more on various behind-the-scenes subjects in the company. The program aired on [[Spike (TV channel)#The National Network, The New TNN and the WWE era (2000–2003)|TNN]] late Saturday nights, following ''[[WWE Velocity|Velocity]]'', from 2002 to 2004 and was hosted by [[Gene Okerlund]].<ref name="Encyclopedia97"/>

====''MSG Classics'' (2006–2009) ====
{{Main|WWE Madison Square Garden Classics}}
''WWE Madison Square Garden Classics'' is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment that aired on the [[MSG (TV network)|MSG Network]] featuring most WWE matches from house shows, pay-per-views, and [[WWE Raw]] broadcasts that took place at [[Madison Square Garden]].<ref name="Encyclopedia97" /> It debuted on July 12, 2006, and ran for three seasons until the last new episode aired on September 17, 2008. The MSG Network showed reruns of eight episodes from season three in 2009.

====''Legends of Wrestling'' (2006–2012) ====
{{main|WWE Classics on Demand#Legends of Wrestling}}
Legends of Wrestling is an original series made specifically for [[WWE Classics on Demand]] service.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://corporate.wwe.com/news/2006/2006_11_13a.jsp|title="Legends of Wrestling" Program Debuts on WWE 24/7 On Demand|publisher=WWE Corporate|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20070107161337/http://corporate.wwe.com/news/2006/2006_11_13a.jsp|archive-date=January 7, 2007|access-date=2007-11-21}}</ref> The program features various "legends" of the business, for their work in and out of the ring, having a roundtable discussion about specific topics, persons, or occurrences in the history of wrestling.

====''24X7'' (2007) ====
''WWE 24X7''  is a professional wrestling television program by WWE that was catered to the children's demographic in India. The show aired matches from WWE library and premiered on 7 May 2007 on [[Jetix]] in India.<ref name="itv">{{cite web|url=http://www.indiantelevision.com/headlines/y2k7/may/may23.php|title=Disney's Jetix launches 'Action Vacation' with WWE superstars|date=May 2, 2007|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20070517173434/http://www.indiantelevision.com/headlines/y2k7/may/may23.php|archive-date=May 17, 2007|access-date=September 4, 2017}}</ref>

====''Vintage'' (2008–2023) ====
''WWE Vintage'' is a [[professional wrestling]] [[television program]] from [[WWE]] showcasing action from the extensive [[WWE Libraries|WWE video library]]. The show was hosted by [[Gene Okerlund]] (2008–2012), [[Renee Young]] (2012–2018), [[Charly Arnolt|Charly Caruso]] (2018), [[Scott Stanford]] (2018–2023), and Megan Morant (2023).<ref>{{cite web|title=WWE goes all day, every day on new DStv pop-up channel|url=https://www.supersport.com/general/press-releases/news/190731_WWE_goes_all_day_every_day_on_new_DStv_popup_channel|publisher=[[SuperSport (South African TV channel)|SuperSport]]|access-date=2019-09-06|archive-date=2020-07-27|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20200727180505/https://supersport.com/general/press-releases/news/190731_WWE_goes_all_day_every_day_on_new_DStv_popup_channel|url-status=live}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Vintage Collection in Malaysia|url=http://www.astro.com.my/epg/event.php?id=7224011|publisher=[[Astro (Malaysian satellite television)|Astro]]|access-date=2012-09-08|archive-date=2013-10-29|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131029202657/http://www.astro.com.my/epg/event.php?id=7224011|url-status=dead}}</ref>

====''Slam City'' (2014) ====
{{main|WWE Slam City}}
''WWE Slam City'' is an animated program by WWE that aired on [[Nicktoons (American TV channel)|Nicktoons]] and the [[WWE Network]] in the United States. The program aired in 2014 and involved various [[toyetic]] versions of WWE wrestlers.

==== ''Camp WWE'' (2016–2018) ====
{{main|Camp WWE}}
''Camp WWE'' is an adult animated short-form comedy series featuring WWE performers.

====''Backstage'' (2019–2021) ====
{{main|WWE Backstage}}
''Backstage'' is a weekly studio television show produced by WWE and [[Fox Sports]].

====''WWE’s The Bump'' (2019–2024)====
''WWE’s The Bump'' is a weekly talk show produced by WWE. It streamed live on WWE Network, as well as WWE's official YouTube channel, X (formerly Twitter) and Facebook pages.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.wwe.com/article/the-bump-premieres-on-wwe-network-and-social-platforms|title=WWE's The Bump premieres on WWE Network and digital platforms|website=WWE|access-date=2024-04-01|archive-date=2020-11-11|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20201111165642/https://www.wwe.com/article/the-bump-premieres-on-wwe-network-and-social-platforms|url-status=live}}</ref>

==== ''The Big Show Show'' (2020)====
{{main|The Big Show Show}}
''The Big Show Show'' is a [[Netflix]] sitcom starring [[Big Show]] playing a fictional version of himself.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://deadline.com/2019/07/the-big-show-show-netflix-live-action-family-comedy-series-wwe-star-big-show-allison-munn-1202656648/|title=WWE Star Big Show To Headline Netflix Live-Action Family Comedy Series|website=Deadline Hollywood|access-date=July 29, 2019|archive-date=January 12, 2020|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20200112001422/https://deadline.com/2019/07/the-big-show-show-netflix-live-action-family-comedy-series-wwe-star-big-show-allison-munn-1202656648/|url-status=live}}</ref>

====''Dhamaal League'' (2020–2025)====
''Dhamaal League'' is a daily studio show produced by WWE for the Indian market.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.mediabrief.com/spsn-announces-special-programming-wwe-dhamaal-league/|title=SPSN announces special programming 'WWE Dhamaal League'; also to broadcast NXT TakeOver 31 in India|date=October 3, 2020|access-date=October 5, 2020|archive-date=December 1, 2020|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20201201015837/https://www.mediabrief.com/spsn-announces-special-programming-wwe-dhamaal-league/|url-status=live}}</ref>

==== ''Evil'' (2022) ====
Hosted by [[John Cena]], ''WWE Evil'' is an eight-part docuseries on streaming service [[Peacock (streaming service)|Peacock]] that examines WWE villains.<ref>{{cite web|url= https://variety.com/2022/tv/news/peacock-wwe-evil-1235201004/|title= Peacock Unveils Trailer for 'WWE Evil' Docuseries (TV News Roundup)|date= 10 March 2022|publisher= Variety|accessdate= March 10, 2022|archive-date= March 10, 2022|archive-url= https://web.archive.org/web/20220310225347/https://variety.com/2022/tv/news/peacock-wwe-evil-1235201004/amp/|url-status= live}}</ref>

==== ''WWE: Next Gen'' (2024) ====
''WWE: Next Gen'' is a professional wrestling documentary series produced by A. Smith & Co. Productions and WWE.<ref>{{cite web|last=White|first=Peter|title=John Cena Bodyslams 'WWE: Recruits' Docuseries For Roku|url=https://deadline.com/2023/04/john-cena-bodyslams-wwe-recruits-docuseries-at-roku-1235318902/|website=Deadline Hollywood|date=April 6, 2023|access-date=April 6, 2023|archive-date=April 6, 2023|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230406141744/https://deadline.com/2023/04/john-cena-bodyslams-wwe-recruits-docuseries-at-roku-1235318902/|url-status=live}}</ref> The series premiered on [[The Roku Channel]] on April 1, 2024.<ref>{{cite AV media |date=26 March 2024 |title=WWE: Next Gen debuts April 1 on Roku |url=https://www.wwe.com/videos/wwe-next-gen-debuts-april-1-on-roku |publisher=WWE |access-date=1 April 2024 |archive-date=28 March 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240328205956/https://www.wwe.com/videos/wwe-next-gen-debuts-april-1-on-roku |url-status=live}}</ref>

===Recap Shows ===
====''Mania'' (1993–1996) ====
{{main|WWF Mania}}
''WWF Mania'' is a WWF Saturday morning television program that aired on the USA Network between 1993 and 1996.
The show recapped events that happened during the week in the WWF at the time and, in its earlier years, usually included an exclusive match.

==== ''Bottom Line'' (2002–2025)====
{{main|WWE Bottom Line}}
''Bottom Line'' is a weekly studio television show produced by WWE that recapped that week's episode of Raw.

====''Afterburn'' (2002–2025)====
{{main|WWE Afterburn}}
''Afterburn'' is a weekly studio television show produced by WWE that recapped that week's episode of SmackDown.

====''Experience'' (2004–2020)====
{{main|WWE Experience}}
''Experience'' is a weekly studio television show produced by WWE that summarised that week's episodes of Raw and SmackDown.

====''This Week in WWE'' (2009–2026)====
''This Week in WWE'' is a weekly studio show produced by WWE.

====''Action Mania'' (2015–2017) ====
''Action Mania'' is a professional wrestling recap show produced by WWE that aired on [[Zee Cinema]] in Hindi exclusively in India.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.indiantelevision.com/television/tv-channels/movie-channels/zee-cinema-to-telecast-wwe-in-hindi-150829|title=Zee Cinema to telecast WWE in Hindi|date=August 29, 2015|website=Indian Television Dot Com|access-date=September 3, 2019|archive-date=September 1, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150901074259/https://www.indiantelevision.com/television/tv-channels/movie-channels/zee-cinema-to-telecast-wwe-in-hindi-150829|url-status=live}}</ref>

====''Raw Sunday Dhamaal'' (2015–2017) ====
''Raw Sunday Dhamaal'' is a professional wrestling recap and Talk show that was produced by WWE. Available in both Hindi and English, the program aired exclusively in [[India]]. It was replaced in 2017 by WWE Sunday Dhamaal.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.exchange4media.com/industry-briefing-news/sony-max-to-air-exclusive-new-weekly-hindi-showwwe-sunday-dhamaal-69368.html|title=Sony MAX to air exclusive new weekly Hindi show, WWE Sunday Dhamaal - Exchange4media|website=Indian Advertising Media & Marketing News – exchange4media|access-date=2019-09-03|archive-date=2022-10-30|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20221030232550/https://www.exchange4media.com/industry-briefing-news/sony-max-to-air-exclusive-new-weekly-hindi-showwwe-sunday-dhamaal-69368.html|url-status=live}}</ref>

====''Sunday Dhamaal'' (2017–2025)====
''Sunday Dhamaal'' is a weekly studio show produced by WWE for the Indian market.

====''Wal3ooha'' (2017–2025)====
{{main|WWE Wal3ooha}}
''Wal3ooha'' is a weekly studio show produced by WWE for the Middle East and North Africa market.

==== ''Smack Talk'' (2022) ====
Hosts [[Booker T (wrestler)|Booker T]], Jackie Redmond, and [[Peter Rosenberg]] discuss the latest episodes of ''Biography: WWE Legends'' and ''WWE Rivals''.<ref name="auto"/>

===Reality Shows ===
====''Tough Enough'' (2001–2015)====
{{main|WWE Tough Enough}}
''WWE Tough Enough'' is a [[professional wrestling]] [[reality television]] series produced by [[WWE]], wherein participants undergo [[glossary of professional wrestling terms#S|professional wrestling training]] and compete for a contract with WWE. The show followed a seasonal format and aired on multiple TV channels until its final season in 2015.<ref name="Revival-1">[https://deadline.com/2010/10/usa-to-expand-into-reality-programming-and-bring-back-wwe-tough-enough-76343/ USA to Expand Into Reality Programming and Bring Back "WWE Tough Enough"], ''Deadline Hollywood'', October 18, 2010</ref>

====''Diva Search'' (2003–2007)====
{{Main|WWE Diva Search}}
''WWE Diva Search'' is a talent competition that was produced by WWE.

====''Total Divas'' (2013–2019) ====
{{main|Total Divas}}
''Total Divas'' is a seasonal reality show broadcast on [[E!]].

====''Total Bellas'' (2016–2021) ====
{{main|Total Bellas}}
''Total Bellas'' is a seasonal reality show on E! featuring the [[Bella Twins]].

====''Miz & Mrs.'' (2018–2022) ====
{{main|Miz & Mrs.}}
''Miz & Mrs.'' is a seasonal reality television show televised on the [[USA Network]] featuring [[The Miz]] and [[Maryse Ouellet|Maryse]].

====''Fight Like a Girl'' (2020)====
''Fight Like a Girl'' is a reality show produced by WWE and [[Quibi]].

==== ''Corey & Carmella'' (2022) ====
A seasonal reality show on WWE's [[YouTube]] channel featuring [[Corey Graves]] and [[Carmella (wrestler)|Carmella]].<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.wwe.com/article/corey-carmella-reality-show-premieres-monday-february-28|title="Corey & Carmella" reality series premieres Monday|website=WWE|access-date=2022-02-27|archive-date=2023-05-28|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230528060204/https://www.wwe.com/article/corey-carmella-reality-show-premieres-monday-february-28|url-status=live}}</ref>

==== ''Love & WWE: Bianca & Montez'' (2024) ====
{{Main|Love & WWE: Bianca & Montez}}
''Love & WWE: Bianca & Montez'' is a seasonal reality show broadcast on [[Hulu]].

==See also==
{{Portal|Television}}
*[[List of WWE broadcasters]]
*[[List of professional wrestling television series]]
*[[List of Impact Wrestling programming]]

==References==
{{Reflist}}
{{Former WWE programs}}
{{WWE}}

[[Category:Television series by WWE| ]]
[[Category:WWE lists|Television programming]]
